content/boards/_index.md, before:

---
title: Boards
description: Details on supported boards and how to connect to MobiFlight
toc: false
weight: 30
cascade:
  type: docs
---

MobiFlight supports a wide range of different boards as the foundation for connecting [devices](../devices/).

> [!WARNING]
> Many boards have similar sounding names. Only the ones listed below are supported. See the
> [unsupported boards](#unsupported-boards) section for a list of boards that are often purchased by accident
> that will **not** work with MobiFlight.

## Recommended boards

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/category/boards" >}}

These boards are all widely available, inexpensive, and are popular with MobiFlight users.

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="mega-2560-pro-mini" title="Mega 2560 Pro Mini" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini.png" >}}
{{< card link="arduino-nano" title="Arduino Nano" subtitle="ATmega328P microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/nano.png" >}}
{{< card link="pro-micro" title="Pro Micro (16MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro.png" >}}
{{< card link="raspberry-pi-pico" title="Raspberry Pi Pico 1" subtitle="RP2040 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico.png" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Other supported boards

These boards are supported but are older designs. If you already own one they work fine. If you are
purchasing a new board for your project we suggest getting a [recommended board](#recommended-boards) instead.

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="arduino-mega-2560" title="Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-rev3.png" >}}
{{< card link="arduino-uno" title="Arduino Uno R3" subtitle="ATmega328P microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/arduino-uno.png" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Unsupported boards

The following boards are not supported by MobiFlight despite having names similar to the above supported boards:

{{< cards >}}

{{< card link="unsupported/esp32" title="Any ESP32 board" subtitle="ESP32 microcontroller family" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-esp32.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-leonardo" title="Arduino Leonardo" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-leonardo.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-micro" title="Arduino Micro" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-micro.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-ble" title="Arduino Nano 33 BLE" subtitle="nRF52840 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-ble.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-iot" title="Arduino Nano 33 IoT" subtitle="ATSAMD21 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-iot.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-esp32" title="Arduino Nano ESP32" subtitle="ESP32-S3 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-esp32.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-every" title="Arduino Nano Every" subtitle="ATMega4809 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-every.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-uno-r4" title="Arduino Uno R4" subtitle="Renesas RA4M1 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-uno-r4-minima.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/pro-micro-8mhz" title="Pro Micro (8 MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro-8.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/raspberry-pi-pico-2" title="Raspberry Pi Pico 2" subtitle="RP2350 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico2.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

Commit message:

Add og_image to boards

content/boards/_index.md, after:

---
title: Boards
description: Details on supported boards and how to connect to MobiFlight
og_image: card-images/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini.png
toc: false
weight: 30
cascade:
  type: docs
---

MobiFlight supports a wide range of different boards as the foundation for connecting [devices](/devices/).

> [!WARNING]
> Many boards have similar sounding names. Only the ones listed below are supported. See the
> [unsupported boards](#unsupported-boards) section for a list of boards that are often purchased by accident
> that will **not** work with MobiFlight.

## Recommended boards

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/category/boards" >}}

These boards are all widely available, inexpensive, and are popular with MobiFlight users.

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="mega-2560-pro-mini" title="Mega 2560 Pro Mini" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini.png" >}}
{{< card link="arduino-nano" title="Arduino Nano" subtitle="ATmega328P microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/nano.png" >}}
{{< card link="pro-micro" title="Pro Micro (16MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro.png" >}}
{{< card link="raspberry-pi-pico" title="Raspberry Pi Pico 1" subtitle="RP2040 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico.png" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Other supported boards

These boards are supported but are older designs. If you already own one they work fine. If you are
purchasing a new board for your project we suggest getting a [recommended board](#recommended-boards) instead.

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="arduino-mega-2560" title="Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-rev3.png" >}}
{{< card link="arduino-uno" title="Arduino Uno R3" subtitle="ATmega328P microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/arduino-uno.png" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Unsupported boards

The following boards are not supported by MobiFlight despite having names similar to the above supported boards:

{{< cards >}}

{{< card link="unsupported/esp32" title="Any ESP32 board" subtitle="ESP32 microcontroller family" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-esp32.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-leonardo" title="Arduino Leonardo" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-leonardo.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-micro" title="Arduino Micro" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-micro.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-ble" title="Arduino Nano 33 BLE" subtitle="nRF52840 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-ble.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-iot" title="Arduino Nano 33 IoT" subtitle="ATSAMD21 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-iot.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-esp32" title="Arduino Nano ESP32" subtitle="ESP32-S3 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-esp32.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-nano-every" title="Arduino Nano Every" subtitle="ATMega4809 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-nano-every.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/arduino-uno-r4" title="Arduino Uno R4" subtitle="Renesas RA4M1 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/arduino-uno-r4-minima.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/pro-micro-8mhz" title="Pro Micro (8 MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro-8.png" >}}
{{< card link="unsupported/raspberry-pi-pico-2" title="Raspberry Pi Pico 2" subtitle="RP2350 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico2.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}
