content/boards/arduino-mega-2560/index.md, before:

---
title: Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3
weight: 100
---

The Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3 is a classic Arduino board with 70 IO pins and a relatively low cost.
While it has historically been a popular board for MobiFlight projects, the newer [Mega 2560 Pro Mini](/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini) is a better option for new projects.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-rev3.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

## Specifications

- 54 digital IO pins, 15 with PWM support.
- 16 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

| Device                                                   | Limit | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | :---: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Analog input](/devices/potentiometer/)                  |  16   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Button](/devices/button-switch/)                        |  68   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Digital Input Multiplexer](/devices/multiplexer/)       |   6   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Encoder](/devices/encoder/)                             |  20   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Input shift register](/devices/input-shift-register/)   |   6   | Six _chains_ of shift registers, 32 bits each (2x16 or 4x8 bit shift registers).                                                                                                                              |
| [LCD Display](/devices/lcd-display/)                     |   2   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [LED / Output](/devices/led/)                            |  68   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| LED 7-Segment                                            |   6   | 6 [TM1637](/devices/seven-segment-tm1637/) modules, or 6 chains of [MAX7219](/devices/seven-segment-max7219/) modules, or a mix of both. A 5V power supply is required when connecting more than one display. |
| [Output shift register](/devices/output-shift-register/) |   6   | Six _chains_ of shift registers, 32 bits each (2x16 or 4x8 bit shift registers).                                                                                                                              |
| [Servo](/devices/servo/)                                 |  12   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Stepper](/devices/stepper-motor)                        |  10   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> [!WARNING]
> Many lower-cost Mega 2560 Rev3 boards, particularly when purchased from AliExpress, use the CH340G chip
> for serial communication to the PC. These chips are frequently counterfeit and require
> [additional steps to make the boards work with MobiFlight](https://www.badcasserole.com/arduino-nano-with-ch340-chips-connection-issues/).

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

> [!NOTE]
> Pins D0 and D1 are not available for use, as they are reserved for USB serial communication.

## Additional resources

- [Official technical documentation](https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/mega-2560/)

Commit message:

Add open graph tags (#111)
* Add open graph tags

* Fix frontmatter name

* Add og_image to boards

* Add more og_image

* Rename to og-image

* Guess you can't do -

* Fix copy-paste error

* Tweak a coderabbit thing

* Generate webp for ogimage

* Override the default so there aren't duplicate meta tags

* Add coderabbit style rule

* Fix broken images

content/boards/arduino-mega-2560/index.md, after:

---
title: Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3.
ogimage: card-images/boards/mega-2560-rev3.png
weight: 100
---

The Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3 is a classic Arduino board with 70 IO pins and a relatively low cost.
While it has historically been a popular board for MobiFlight projects, the newer [Mega 2560 Pro Mini](/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini) is a better option for new projects.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-rev3.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

## Specifications

- 54 digital IO pins, 15 with PWM support.
- 16 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

| Device                                                   | Limit | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | :---: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Analog input](/devices/potentiometer/)                  |  16   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Button](/devices/button-switch/)                        |  68   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Digital Input Multiplexer](/devices/multiplexer/)       |   6   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Encoder](/devices/encoder/)                             |  20   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Input shift register](/devices/input-shift-register/)   |   6   | Six _chains_ of shift registers, 32 bits each (2x16 or 4x8 bit shift registers).                                                                                                                              |
| [LCD Display](/devices/lcd-display/)                     |   2   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [LED / Output](/devices/led/)                            |  68   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| LED 7-Segment                                            |   6   | 6 [TM1637](/devices/seven-segment-tm1637/) modules, or 6 chains of [MAX7219](/devices/seven-segment-max7219/) modules, or a mix of both. A 5V power supply is required when connecting more than one display. |
| [Output shift register](/devices/output-shift-register/) |   6   | Six _chains_ of shift registers, 32 bits each (2x16 or 4x8 bit shift registers).                                                                                                                              |
| [Servo](/devices/servo/)                                 |  12   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| [Stepper](/devices/stepper-motor)                        |  10   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> [!WARNING]
> Many lower-cost Mega 2560 Rev3 boards, particularly when purchased from AliExpress, use the CH340G chip
> for serial communication to the PC. These chips are frequently counterfeit and require
> [additional steps to make the boards work with MobiFlight](https://www.badcasserole.com/arduino-nano-with-ch340-chips-connection-issues/).

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

> [!NOTE]
> Pins D0 and D1 are not available for use, as they are reserved for USB serial communication.

## Additional resources

- [Official technical documentation](https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/mega-2560/)
