content/devices/input-shift-register/wiring/index.md, before:

---
title: Wiring
description: Step-by-step guide for wiring buttons and switches to input shift registers.
ogimage: card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png
weight: 10
prev: /devices/input-shift-register
---

The following components are required to wire an LED:

- A 74HC165 chip.
- Buttons or switches.
- 10kΩ resistors.
- 0.1µF capacitors.

{{< tabs items="Single 74HC165 DIP-16,Four 74HC165 DIP-16 in series">}}

{{< tab >}}
The 10kΩ resistors are required on every input pin, even if you aren't attaching a button to that pin, to avoid false input events.

{{< schematic image="single-chip.svg" title="Schematic for wiring a single 74HC165 chip." >}}
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab >}}
MobiFlight supports up to four 74HC165 chips connected in series. When wiring the chips it is important to wire them with the right most chip in the series one connected to the board's data input line. The clock and latch pins are shared across all chips.

{{< schematic image="multiple-chips.svg" title="Schematic for wiring four  74HC165 chips in series." >}}

(Buttons and pull-up resistors omitted for clarity)
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

Commit message:

Finish the input shift register page (#150)
* Finish the input shift register page
Fixes #142

* Address coderabbit

content/devices/input-shift-register/wiring/index.md, after:

---
title: Wiring
description: Step-by-step guide for wiring buttons and switches to input shift registers.
ogimage: card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png
weight: 10
prev: /devices/input-shift-register
---

The following components are required to wire an LED:

- A 74HC165 chip.
- Buttons or switches.
- 10kΩ resistors.
- 0.1µF capacitors.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> MobiFlight only supports connecting buttons to input shift registers. Encoders must be connected directly to a board.

{{< tabs items="Single 74HC165 DIP-16,Four 74HC165 DIP-16 in series">}}

{{< tab >}}
The 10kΩ resistors are required on every input pin, even if you aren't attaching a button to that pin, to avoid false input events.

{{< schematic image="single-chip.svg" title="Schematic for wiring a single 74HC165 chip." >}}
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab >}}
MobiFlight supports up to four 74HC165 chips connected in series. When wiring the chips it is important to wire them with the right most chip in the series one connected to the board's data input line. The clock and latch pins are shared across all chips.

{{< schematic image="multiple-chips.svg" title="Schematic for wiring four  74HC165 chips in series." >}}

(Buttons and pull-up resistors omitted for clarity)
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}
