content/boards/pro-micro/index.md, before:

---
title: Pro Micro
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Pro Micro.
ogimage: card-images/boards/pro-micro.png
weight: 100
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c" >}}

The Pro Micro (16MHz) is a compact board that trades a smaller size for fewer IO pins than the Arduino Mega boards. It is a great choice when space is at a premium.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Pro Micro (16MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

## Specifications

- 12 digital IO pins, 5 with PWM support.
- 9 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

> [!WARNING]
> Some lower-cost Pro Micro clones, particularly those purchased from AliExpress, are
> [8MHz variants](/boards/unsupported/pro-micro-8mhz) which are not supported by MobiFlight.
> Always check the product listing carefully to ensure
> you are ordering the 16MHz version. Purchasing a Pro Micro
> [from the MobiFlight Shop](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c) ensures
> you will get a board running at 16Mhz.

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

## Additional resources

- [Buy from the MobiFlight shop and help support the project](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c)
- [Official technical documentation](https://www.sparkfun.com/pro-micro-5v-16mhz.html#documentation)
- [Pinout diagram (PDF)](pinout.pdf)

Commit message:

added pro micro device counts (#104)
* added pro micro device counts

* moved warning higher on the page so it is visible

* mention also 3.3V for the 8MHz variant as another keyword to keep an eye for when buying pro micros

* reformatting again

* dang, the nitpicks about table ascii art

content/boards/pro-micro/index.md, after:

---
title: Pro Micro
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Pro Micro.
ogimage: card-images/boards/pro-micro.png
weight: 100
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c" >}}

The Pro Micro (16MHz) is a compact board that trades a smaller size for fewer IO pins than the Arduino Mega boards. It is a great choice when space is at a premium.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Pro Micro (16MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

> [!WARNING]
> Some lower-cost Pro Micro clones, particularly those purchased from AliExpress, are
> [8MHz 3.3V variants](/boards/unsupported/pro-micro-8mhz) which are not supported by MobiFlight.
> Always check the product listing carefully to ensure
> you are ordering the 16MHz version. Purchasing a Pro Micro
> [from the MobiFlight Shop](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c) ensures
> you will get a board running at 16Mhz.

## Specifications

- 12 digital IO pins, 5 with PWM support.
- 9 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

| Device                                                   | Limit | Notes                                                                                                                                    |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | :---: |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Analog input](/devices/potentiometer/)                  | 9     |                                                                                                                                          |
| [Button](/devices/button-switch/)                        | 18    |                                                                                                                                          |
| [Digital Input Multiplexer](/devices/multiplexer/)       | 6     |                                                                                                                                          |
| [Encoder](/devices/encoder/)                             | 9     |                                                                                                                                          |
| [Input shift register](/devices/input-shift-register/)   | 6     | Six _chains_ of shift registers, 32 bits each (2x16 or 4x8 bit shift registers).                                                         |
| [LCD Display](/devices/lcd-display/)                     | 2     |                                                                                                                                          |
| [LED / Output](/devices/led/)                            | 18    |                                                                                                                                          |
| LED 7-Segment                                            | 6     | 6 [TM1637](/devices/seven-segment-tm1637/) modules, or 6 chains of [MAX7219](/devices/seven-segment-max7219/) modules, or a mix of both. A 5V power supply is required when connecting more than one display. |
| [Output shift register](/devices/output-shift-register/) | 6     | Six _chains_ of shift registers, 32 bits each (2x16 or 4x8 bit shift registers).                                                         |
| [Servo](/devices/servo/)                                 | 8     |                                                                                                                                          |
| [Stepper](/devices/stepper-motor)                        | 4     |                                                                                                                                          |

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

## Additional resources

- [Buy from the MobiFlight shop and help support the project](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c)
- [Official technical documentation](https://www.sparkfun.com/pro-micro-5v-16mhz.html#documentation)
- [Pinout diagram (PDF)](pinout.pdf)
