content/boards/raspberry-pi-pico/index.md, before:

---
title: Raspberry Pi Pico 1
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Raspberry Pi Pico
weight: 100
---

The Raspberry Pi Pico 1 is a compact board with a moderate number of IO pins. It is a popular choice in builds where space is at a premium.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Raspberry Pi Pico 1" subtitle="RP2040 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

> [!WARNING]
> MobiFlight only supports the Raspberry Pi Pico 1. The newer [Pico 2 board](/boards/unsupported/raspberry-pi-pico-2),
> with the RP2350 microcontroller, is not supported.

## Specifications

- 23 digital IO pins, 16 with PWM support.
- 3 analog inputs (can be used as digital IO pins).

> [!WARNING]
> The Raspberry Pi Pico uses 3.3V for its digital signals. Certain output devices, most notably the MAX7219
> 7-segment LED driver chip, require 5V digital signals. If you plan to use those devices with the Pico, you will
> need to add a level shifter to your build.

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

## Additional resources

- [Official technical documentation](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/microcontrollers/pico-series.html#pico-1-technical-specification)

Commit message:

Add open graph tags (#111)
* Add open graph tags

* Fix frontmatter name

* Add og_image to boards

* Add more og_image

* Rename to og-image

* Guess you can't do -

* Fix copy-paste error

* Tweak a coderabbit thing

* Generate webp for ogimage

* Override the default so there aren't duplicate meta tags

* Add coderabbit style rule

* Fix broken images

content/boards/raspberry-pi-pico/index.md, after:

---
title: Raspberry Pi Pico 1
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Raspberry Pi Pico.
ogimage: card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico.png
weight: 100
---

The Raspberry Pi Pico 1 is a compact board with a moderate number of IO pins. It is a popular choice in builds where space is at a premium.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Raspberry Pi Pico 1" subtitle="RP2040 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

> [!WARNING]
> MobiFlight only supports the Raspberry Pi Pico 1. The newer [Pico 2 board](/boards/unsupported/raspberry-pi-pico-2),
> with the RP2350 microcontroller, is not supported.

## Specifications

- 23 digital IO pins, 16 with PWM support.
- 3 analog inputs (can be used as digital IO pins).

> [!WARNING]
> The Raspberry Pi Pico uses 3.3V for its digital signals. Certain output devices, most notably the MAX7219
> 7-segment LED driver chip, require 5V digital signals. If you plan to use those devices with the Pico, you will
> need to add a level shifter to your build.

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

## Additional resources

- [Official technical documentation](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/microcontrollers/pico-series.html#pico-1-technical-specification)
