content/boards/unsupported/pro-micro-8mhz/index.md, before:

---
title: Pro Micro (8 MHz)
description: Details on MobiFlight incompatibility with the Pro Micro clocked at 8 Mhz
---

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This board is unsupported. Consider a [Pro Micro (16 MHz)](/boards/pro-micro) instead.

Some models of [Pro Micro](/boards/pro-micro) are offered at a reduced clock speed of 8 MHz.
MobiFlight is designed for use with the 16 MHz version of the board. Particularly on low-cost
AliExpress listings, it is important to pay close attention to the product description to avoid
buying the 8 MHz version instead. Pro Micro boards sold on the [MobiFlight Shop](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c)
are always the 16 MHz version.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Pro Micro (8 MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro-8.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

While it is sometimes possible to install MobiFlight Pro Micro firmware on the slower model of Pro
Micro, this should not be taken as a sign of support. The MobiFlight Pro Micro firmware was not
designed or tested with the 8 MHz model in mind, so attempting to use it on the slower board
may lead to issues, including but not limited to failed communication between the board and
the computer.

Commit message:

Add open graph tags (#111)
* Add open graph tags

* Fix frontmatter name

* Add og_image to boards

* Add more og_image

* Rename to og-image

* Guess you can't do -

* Fix copy-paste error

* Tweak a coderabbit thing

* Generate webp for ogimage

* Override the default so there aren't duplicate meta tags

* Add coderabbit style rule

* Fix broken images

content/boards/unsupported/pro-micro-8mhz/index.md, after:

---
title: Pro Micro (8 MHz)
description: Details on MobiFlight incompatibility with the Pro Micro clocked at 8 Mhz.
ogimage: card-images/boards/pro-micro-8.png
---

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This board is unsupported. Consider a [Pro Micro (16 MHz)](/boards/pro-micro) instead.

Some models of [Pro Micro](/boards/pro-micro) are offered at a reduced clock speed of 8 MHz.
MobiFlight is designed for use with the 16 MHz version of the board. Particularly on low-cost
AliExpress listings, it is important to pay close attention to the product description to avoid
buying the 8 MHz version instead. Pro Micro boards sold on the [MobiFlight Shop](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-pro-micro-usb-c)
are always the 16 MHz version.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Pro Micro (8 MHz)" subtitle="ATmega32U4 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/pro-micro-8.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

While it is sometimes possible to install MobiFlight Pro Micro firmware on the slower model of Pro
Micro, this should not be taken as a sign of support. The MobiFlight Pro Micro firmware was not
designed or tested with the 8 MHz model in mind, so attempting to use it on the slower board
may lead to issues, including but not limited to failed communication between the board and
the computer.
