content/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini/index.md, before:

---
title: Mega 2560 Pro Mini
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Mega 2560 Pro Mini
weight: 100
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-mega-2560-pro-mini-usb-c" >}}

The Mega 2560 Pro Mini offers the same 70 IO pins as the [Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3](/boards/arduino-mega-2560),
but in a smaller package. If you need many IO pins, this is the recommended board to use.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Mega 2560 Pro Mini" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

## Specifications

- 54 digital IO pins, 15 with PWM support.
- 16 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

> [!NOTE]
> Pins D0 and D1 are not available for use, as they are reserved for USB serial communication.

## Additional resources

- [Buy from the MobiFlight shop and help support the project](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-mega-2560-pro-mini-usb-c)
- [Datasheet](https://www.enmindustry.de/WebRoot/Store31/Shops/88169453/5FFE/0DC7/1617/A559/78B1/0A0C/6D12/6D9F/Mega2650PRO-Datasheet.pdf)
- [3D model](https://grabcad.com/library/arduino-mega-2560-pro-3)

Commit message:

Add open graph tags (#111)
* Add open graph tags

* Fix frontmatter name

* Add og_image to boards

* Add more og_image

* Rename to og-image

* Guess you can't do -

* Fix copy-paste error

* Tweak a coderabbit thing

* Generate webp for ogimage

* Override the default so there aren't duplicate meta tags

* Add coderabbit style rule

* Fix broken images

content/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini/index.md, after:

---
title: Mega 2560 Pro Mini
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Mega 2560 Pro Mini.
ogimage: card-images/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini.png
weight: 100
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-mega-2560-pro-mini-usb-c" >}}

The Mega 2560 Pro Mini offers the same 70 IO pins as the [Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3](/boards/arduino-mega-2560),
but in a smaller package. If you need many IO pins, this is the recommended board to use.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Mega 2560 Pro Mini" subtitle="ATmega2560 microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/mega-2560-pro-mini.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

## Specifications

- 54 digital IO pins, 15 with PWM support.
- 16 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

> [!NOTE]
> Pins D0 and D1 are not available for use, as they are reserved for USB serial communication.

## Additional resources

- [Buy from the MobiFlight shop and help support the project](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-mega-2560-pro-mini-usb-c)
- [Datasheet](https://www.enmindustry.de/WebRoot/Store31/Shops/88169453/5FFE/0DC7/1617/A559/78B1/0A0C/6D12/6D9F/Mega2650PRO-Datasheet.pdf)
- [3D model](https://grabcad.com/library/arduino-mega-2560-pro-3)
