content/boards/recommended/arduino-nano/index.md, before:

---
title: Arduino Nano
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Arduino Nano.
ogimage: card-images/boards/nano.png
weight: 20
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-nano-usb-c" >}}

The Arduino Nano is a compact board that trades a smaller size for fewer IO pins than the Arduino Mega boards. It is a great choice when space is at a premium.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Arduino Nano" subtitle="ATmega328P microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/nano.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

## Specifications

- 14 digital IO pins, 6 with PWM support.
- 8 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

> [!WARNING]
> Many lower-cost Nano boards, particularly when purchased from AliExpress, use the CH340G chip for
> serial communication to the PC. These chips are frequently counterfeit and require
> [additional steps to make the boards work with MobiFlight](https://www.badcasserole.com/arduino-nano-with-ch340-chips-connection-issues/). Purchasing an Arduino Nano
> [from the MobiFlight Shop](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-nano-usb-c) ensures
> you will get a board with genuine chips.

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

> [!NOTE]
> Pins D0 and D1 are not available for use, as they are reserved for USB serial communication.

## Additional resources

- [Buy from the MobiFlight shop and help support the project](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-nano-usb-c)
- [Official technical documentation](https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/nano/)
- [Pinout diagram (PDF)](pinout.pdf)

Commit message:

Note that Nano A6 and A7 are analog only, not digital Fixes #125

content/boards/recommended/arduino-nano/index.md, after:

---
title: Arduino Nano
description: Details on MobiFlight support for the Arduino Nano.
ogimage: card-images/boards/nano.png
weight: 20
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-nano-usb-c" >}}

The Arduino Nano is a compact board that trades a smaller size for fewer IO pins than the Arduino Mega boards. It is a great choice when space is at a premium.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Arduino Nano" subtitle="ATmega328P microcontroller" image="card-images/boards/nano.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

## Specifications

- 14 digital IO pins, 6 with PWM support.
- 8 analog inputs (can be used as digital inputs).

> [!WARNING]
> Many lower-cost Nano boards, particularly when purchased from AliExpress, use the CH340G chip for
> serial communication to the PC. These chips are frequently counterfeit and require
> [additional steps to make the boards work with MobiFlight](https://www.badcasserole.com/arduino-nano-with-ch340-chips-connection-issues/). Purchasing an Arduino Nano
> [from the MobiFlight Shop](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-nano-usb-c) ensures
> you will get a board with genuine chips.

## Pinout

{{< pinout >}}

> [!NOTE]
> Pins D0 and D1 are not available for use, as they are reserved for USB serial communication.
>
> Pins A6 and A7 are only available for analog input, they cannot be used as digital inputs.

## Additional resources

- [Buy from the MobiFlight shop and help support the project](https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/arduino-nano-usb-c)
- [Official technical documentation](https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/nano/)
- [Pinout diagram (PDF)](pinout.pdf)
