content/devices/_index.md, before:

---
title: Devices
description: Details on supported devices and how to connect to MobiFlight
toc: false
weight: 30
cascade:
  type: docs
---

MobiFlight supports a wide range of different hardware components when connected to [supported hardware](../hardware).

## Input devices

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/category/input-devices" >}}

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="button-switch" title="Buttons and switches" image="card-images/devices/buttons-switches.png" >}}
{{< card link="encoder" title="Encoders" image="card-images/devices/encoder.png" >}}
{{< card link="input-shift-register" title="Input shift registers" subtitle="74HC165 and similar ICs" image="card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png" >}}
{{< card link="multiplexer" title="Multiplexers" image="card-images/devices/multiplexer.png" >}}
{{< card link="potentiometer" title="Potentiometers" image="card-images/devices/potentiometer.png" subtitle="Including other analog inputs" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Output devices

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/category/output-devices" >}}

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="lcd-display" title="LCD displays" image="card-images/devices/lcd-display.png" >}}
{{< card link="led" title="LEDs" image="card-images/devices/led.png" >}}
{{< card link="servo" title="Servos" image="card-images/devices/servo.png" >}}
{{< card link="seven-segment-tm1637" title="7-segment displays" subtitle="Using the TM1637 driver" image="card-images/devices/seven-segment-tm1637.png" >}}
{{< card link="seven-segment-max7219" title="7-segment displays" subtitle="Using the MAX7219 driver" image="card-images/devices/seven-segment-max7219.png" >}}
{{< card link="stepper-motor" title="Stepper motors" image="card-images/devices/stepper-motor.png" >}}
{{< card link="output-shift-register" title="Output shift registers" subtitle="74HC595 and LED drivers" image="card-images/devices/output-shift-register-74hc595.png" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

Commit message:

Add open graph tags (#111)
* Add open graph tags

* Fix frontmatter name

* Add og_image to boards

* Add more og_image

* Rename to og-image

* Guess you can't do -

* Fix copy-paste error

* Tweak a coderabbit thing

* Generate webp for ogimage

* Override the default so there aren't duplicate meta tags

* Add coderabbit style rule

* Fix broken images

content/devices/_index.md, after:

---
title: Devices
description: Details on supported devices and how to use them with MobiFlight.
ogimage: card-images/devices/buttons-switches.png
toc: false
weight: 30
cascade:
  type: docs
---

MobiFlight supports a wide range of different hardware components when connected to [supported hardware](../hardware).

## Input devices

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/category/input-devices" >}}

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="button-switch" title="Buttons and switches" image="card-images/devices/buttons-switches.png" >}}
{{< card link="encoder" title="Encoders" image="card-images/devices/encoder.png" >}}
{{< card link="input-shift-register" title="Input shift registers" subtitle="74HC165 and similar ICs" image="card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png" >}}
{{< card link="multiplexer" title="Multiplexers" image="card-images/devices/multiplexer.png" >}}
{{< card link="potentiometer" title="Potentiometers" image="card-images/devices/potentiometer.png" subtitle="Including other analog inputs" >}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Output devices

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/category/output-devices" >}}

{{< cards >}}
{{< card link="lcd-display" title="LCD displays" image="card-images/devices/lcd-display.png" >}}
{{< card link="led" title="LEDs" image="card-images/devices/led.png" >}}
{{< card link="servo" title="Servos" image="card-images/devices/servo.png" >}}
{{< card link="seven-segment-tm1637" title="7-segment displays" subtitle="Using the TM1637 driver" image="card-images/devices/seven-segment-tm1637.png" >}}
{{< card link="seven-segment-max7219" title="7-segment displays" subtitle="Using the MAX7219 driver" image="card-images/devices/seven-segment-max7219.png" >}}
{{< card link="stepper-motor" title="Stepper motors" image="card-images/devices/stepper-motor.png" >}}
{{< card link="output-shift-register" title="Output shift registers" subtitle="74HC595 and LED drivers" image="card-images/devices/output-shift-register-74hc595.png" >}}
{{< /cards >}}
