content/boards/unsupported/raspberry-pi-pico-2/index.md, before:

---
title: Raspberry Pi Pico 2
description: Details on MobiFlight incompatibility with the Raspberry Pi Pico 2
---

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This board is unsupported. Consider a [Raspberry Pi Pico 1](../../raspberry-pi-pico) instead.

The Raspberry Pi Pico 2 is the successor to the popular [Raspberry Pi Pico 1](../../raspberry-pi-pico).
Like its predecessor, it is a compact board with a moderate number of IO pins, ideal for builds where
space is at a premium. Unlike its predecessor, which uses the RP2040 chip, the Pico 2 uses the newer
RP2350 microcontroller. Due to the relatively recent release of this component, small installed base
and limited availability, there is currently no official MobiFlight firmware for this board available.
Firmware for the Raspberry Pi Pico 1 is incompatible because of the difference in microcontroller chips.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Raspberry Pi Pico 2" subtitle="RP2350 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico2.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}

Commit message:

Add open graph tags (#111)
* Add open graph tags

* Fix frontmatter name

* Add og_image to boards

* Add more og_image

* Rename to og-image

* Guess you can't do -

* Fix copy-paste error

* Tweak a coderabbit thing

* Generate webp for ogimage

* Override the default so there aren't duplicate meta tags

* Add coderabbit style rule

* Fix broken images

content/boards/unsupported/raspberry-pi-pico-2/index.md, after:

---
title: Raspberry Pi Pico 2
description: Details on MobiFlight incompatibility with the Raspberry Pi Pico 2.
ogimage: card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico2.png
---

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This board is unsupported. Consider a [Raspberry Pi Pico 1](../../raspberry-pi-pico) instead.

The Raspberry Pi Pico 2 is the successor to the popular [Raspberry Pi Pico 1](../../raspberry-pi-pico).
Like its predecessor, it is a compact board with a moderate number of IO pins, ideal for builds where
space is at a premium. Unlike its predecessor, which uses the RP2040 chip, the Pico 2 uses the newer
RP2350 microcontroller. Due to the relatively recent release of this component, small installed base
and limited availability, there is currently no official MobiFlight firmware for this board available.
Firmware for the Raspberry Pi Pico 1 is incompatible because of the difference in microcontroller chips.

{{< cards >}}

{{< card title="Raspberry Pi Pico 2" subtitle="RP2350 microcontroller" tag="Unsupported" tagType="error" image="card-images/boards/raspberry-pi-pico2.png" >}}

{{</ cards >}}
