content/devices/button-switch/_index.md, before:

---
title: Buttons and switches
description: Buttons and switches for MobiFlight input
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/switch-12mm-panel-mount" >}}

Buttons and switches are the most common hardware used with MobiFlight, and come in many forms:

- Push buttons
- Tactile switches
- Micro switches
- Toggle switches
- Kill switches

## Popular options

This section should list links to common options

## Other variations

- ON-OFF - These switches require one input pin. The handle can be moved in ON position or in OFF position providing a low or high signal to the MobiFlight Board.

- ON-ON - These switches require two input pins. The handle can be set to two different positions (on and off) but both have their own high signal.

- (ON)-OFF - Switch requires one input pin. On position is only momentarily as long as user holds the switch in the ON-position. On releasing the handle, the switch will go back to the OFF position.

- ON-OFF-ON - These switches require two input pins. The handle can be set to three different positions ("on" on one side, off in the middle, "on" to other side).

- (ON)-OFF-ON -These switches require two input pins. One On position is momentarily only as long as the user holds the switch. On release the switch snaps back to the OFF (middle) position. The opposite ON-position is a permanent position. This switch is used, e.g. for APU switch in the B737.

- (ON)-OFF-(ON) -These switches require two input pins. Both "On" positions are momentarily only as long as the user holds the switch. On release the switch snaps back to the OFF (middle) position. This switch can be used as trim switch or flaps switch.

Commit message:

Add open graph tags (#111)
* Add open graph tags

* Fix frontmatter name

* Add og_image to boards

* Add more og_image

* Rename to og-image

* Guess you can't do -

* Fix copy-paste error

* Tweak a coderabbit thing

* Generate webp for ogimage

* Override the default so there aren't duplicate meta tags

* Add coderabbit style rule

* Fix broken images

content/devices/button-switch/_index.md, after:

---
title: Buttons and switches
description: How to use buttons and switches with MobiFlight.
ogimage: card-images/devices/buttons-switches.png
---

{{< buy-in-shop url="https://shop.mobiflight.com/product/switch-12mm-panel-mount" >}}

Buttons and switches are the most common hardware used with MobiFlight, and come in many forms:

- Push buttons
- Tactile switches
- Micro switches
- Toggle switches
- Kill switches

## Popular options

This section should list links to common options

## Other variations

- ON-OFF - These switches require one input pin. The handle can be moved in ON position or in OFF position providing a low or high signal to the MobiFlight Board.

- ON-ON - These switches require two input pins. The handle can be set to two different positions (on and off) but both have their own high signal.

- (ON)-OFF - Switch requires one input pin. On position is only momentarily as long as user holds the switch in the ON-position. On releasing the handle, the switch will go back to the OFF position.

- ON-OFF-ON - These switches require two input pins. The handle can be set to three different positions ("on" on one side, off in the middle, "on" to other side).

- (ON)-OFF-ON -These switches require two input pins. One On position is momentarily only as long as the user holds the switch. On release the switch snaps back to the OFF (middle) position. The opposite ON-position is a permanent position. This switch is used, e.g. for APU switch in the B737.

- (ON)-OFF-(ON) -These switches require two input pins. Both "On" positions are momentarily only as long as the user holds the switch. On release the switch snaps back to the OFF (middle) position. This switch can be used as trim switch or flaps switch.
