content/devices/input-shift-register/_index.md, before:

---
title: Input shift registers
description: How to use input shift registers with MobiFlight.
ogimage: card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png
next: devices/input-shift-register/wiring/
---

When building panels, you may encounter situations where you have more buttons for input than available pins on your board. The solution is to use an input shift register like the [74HC165](https://www.ti.com/product/SN74HC165). This allows you to read input from eight buttons while only using three pins on the board.

{{< cards >}}
{{< card title="Input shift registers" image="card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png" >}}
{{</ cards >}}

MobiFlight supports up to 32 bits of shift registers in a chain (typically four 8-bit chips), and up to six chains of input shifters can be connected to a single board.

## Popular options

The chip is available anywhere you buy electronics, including [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Bridgold-SN74HC165-74HC165-Parallel-Load-Registers/dp/B095KNTCKN/ref=sr_1_3?crid=293SFF21893S9&keywords=74hc165&qid=1641735408&sprefix=74hc16%2Caps%2C383&sr=8-3), [eBay](https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_trksid=p2380057.m570.l1313&_nkw=74hc165&_sacat=0), [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/wholesale?catId=0&initiative_id=SB_20220109053846&SearchText=74hc165+dip), [Tayda Electronics](https://www.taydaelectronics.com/74hc165-74165-ic-8-bit-shift-register.html) and [many other parts suppliers](https://octopart.com/search?q=74HC165&currency=USD&specs=0&case_package=DIP&case_package=PDIP).

## Additional resources

- [74HC165 datasheet](https://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/sn74hc165.pdf)

Commit message:

Finish the input shift register page Fixes #142

content/devices/input-shift-register/_index.md, after:

---
title: Input shift registers
description: How to use input shift registers with MobiFlight.
ogimage: card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png
next: devices/input-shift-register/wiring/
---

When building panels, you may encounter situations where you have more buttons for input than available pins on your board. The solution is to use an input shift register like the [74HC165](https://www.ti.com/product/SN74HC165). This allows you to read input from eight buttons while only using three pins on the board.

{{< cards >}}
{{< card title="Input shift registers" image="card-images/devices/input-shift-register.png" >}}
{{</ cards >}}

MobiFlight supports up to 32 bits of shift registers in a chain (typically four 8-bit chips), and up to six chains of input shifters can be connected to a single board.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> MobiFlight only supports connecting buttons to input shift registers. Encoders must be connected directly to a board.

## Popular options

The chip is available anywhere you buy electronics, including [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Bridgold-SN74HC165-74HC165-Parallel-Load-Registers/dp/B095KNTCKN/ref=sr_1_3?crid=293SFF21893S9&keywords=74hc165&qid=1641735408&sprefix=74hc16%2Caps%2C383&sr=8-3), [eBay](https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_trksid=p2380057.m570.l1313&_nkw=74hc165&_sacat=0), [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/wholesale?catId=0&initiative_id=SB_20220109053846&SearchText=74hc165+dip), [Tayda Electronics](https://www.taydaelectronics.com/74hc165-74165-ic-8-bit-shift-register.html) and [many other parts suppliers](https://octopart.com/search?q=74HC165&currency=USD&specs=0&case_package=DIP&case_package=PDIP).

## Additional resources

- [74HC165 datasheet](https://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/sn74hc165.pdf)
